A method of transferring segmented data utilizing the collective bandwidth of a set of distributed nodes.  Data files shall be separated into varied lengths called data segments.  These segments shall be scheduled for transfer at different periods in order to optimize data transfers.  There shall exist a set of nodes each in possession of some set of data segments that may or may not overlap. There will be an initial node whom shall always have a complete set of data segments.  

Communication between nodes shall be established by a tracker or trackers.  Trackers shall share and maintain node lists.

The transfer of data segments from nodes with possession of a data segment to nodes without possession of a data segment shall be determined by a tracker.  A tracker will establish communication between all nodes in the distributed environment and coordinate data segment transfers based upon requests by the nodes dfor segments not in said nodes possession.


A method of transferring digital content to clients over the Internet that has no upward bound like current methods, rather our method utilizes the distributed bandwidth of connected clients facilitate peer to peer transfers.  One or more trackers will coordinate the establishment of peer to peer communication.  Streaming of digital content shall be achieved by breaking up of said content into segments of varied size.  These segments shall be scheduled for transfer from peer to peer in order to optimize streaming transfer.  Segment size and transfer schedules shall be dynamically determined by the peer based upon information obtained from the tracker.  This information shall include a list of other peers providing and looking for segments of the same digital content.  There shall exist a set of peers each in possession of some set of data segments that may or may not overlap. There will be an initial peer whom shall always have a complete set of data segments.  

need more detail about segmentation and scheduling
need more detail about meta information obtained from other peers and the tracker.

author specified prioritization

Peers 

A method of transferring data by segmenting files into predetermined chunks and utilizes the distributed bandwidth of connected clients to facilitate transfer of said chunks amongst a collection of peers.  Digital content shall be divided into chunks of varied sizes.  

These chunks shall be dynamically requested by peers